logistics.md, before:

# Logistics
## Workshop location

[Arizona State University Barrett &amp; O'Connor Washington Center](https://washingtondc.asu.edu/barrett-and-oconnor-center)

1800 I Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20006

Event Pavilion - 8th Floor

## Lodging

Lodging is at the [Hotel Lombardy](https://www.hotellombardy.com/), we have reserved rooms for all registered workshop participants. Please double check your reservation checkin / checkout dates and contact a member of the [workshop organizing committee]({{ "/#organizers" | absolute_url }}) immediately if there are any changes to be made.

It's a short [5 min. walk](https://maps.app.goo.gl/XBdaZwRVbCoq6Awq6) from Hotel Lombardy to the ASU Barrett &amp; O'Connor Washington Center.

## Dining 

There are a plethora of dining options around, we've highlighted a few in the google maps below, if you find anything else you'd like to share let us know so we can add it to the list.

- [Western Market](https://www.westernmarketdc.com/)
- [Founding Farmers](https://www.wearefoundingfarmers.com/location/dc/)
- [Shared Places Map](https://maps.app.goo.gl/PzsXF1ZjBcKxmNQc9){:target="_blank"}

## Travel

### Metro

The Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center is Metro accessible via Farragut West station
– 18th street exit (Blue, Orange and Silver Lines). Upon exiting the station, the facility will be on
the corner behind you at 18th Street and I Street. Farragut North station (Red Line) is also within
walking distance, approximately three blocks walk.

### Uber/Lyft/Taxi 

Taxi cabs and rideshare options are readily available throughout Washington, DC and will be easy to access when departing the Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center.

### Parking
The Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center does not have on-site parking, and street parking is very limited. If you cannot find a metered spot, the following local parking garages are recommended:

- Colonial Parking – 1775 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Thursday, 6:30AM to 8:00PM Friday, 6:30AM to 10:00PM
- Farragut Center Parking – 1725 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Friday, 7:00AM to 10:00PM
- PMI – 1722 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Friday, 7:00AM to 7:00PM
- Penn Parking – 1801 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW (access via 18th Street) Open Monday thru Thursday, 7:00AM to 9:00PM Friday and Saturday, 7:00AM to 11:00PM Sunday, 10:00AM to 7:00PM


### Airports

[Getting to ASU Barrett & O'Connor from an Airport (PDF)](travel-logistics.pdf)

(the hotel is a short walk from the venue)

#### From Ronald Reagan International Airport (DCA)

Ronald Reagan (DCA) is the closest airport and a taxi ride from the airport to Hotel Lombardy will cost around $20-30 depending on traffic.

Guests can also use the Metro - take the [Blue Line towards Largo Town Center and get off at the Farragut West station (7 station stops)](https://maps.app.goo.gl/7aLCY9b6v7WmUwK77).

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d24848.620250571537!2d-77.06693355271308!3d38.87646794289892!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x89b7b731402fe095%3A0x4168af016d076bad!2sRonald%20Reagan%20Washington%20National%20Airport%20(DCA)%2C%20Ronald%20Reagan%20Washington%20National%20Airport%20Access%20Road%2C%20Arlington%2C%20VA!3m2!1d38.851242!2d-77.04023149999999!4m5!1s0x89b7b7b0b7f86313%3A0x2b22bee637998511!2sHotel%20Lombardy%2C%20Pennsylvania%20Avenue%20Northwest%2C%20Washington%2C%20DC!3m2!1d38.9014691!2d-77.0459338!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1742080537939!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

#### From Dulles International Airport (IAD)

[Take the Silver line from IAD to the Foggy Bottom - GWU stop](https://maps.app.goo.gl/cQon4YNawGdPdMHW6), from there it
is a ~7 min walk to Hotel Lombardy.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d99332.12692300859!2d-77.33402237158954!3d38.92102967608422!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x89b64740174eb057%3A0x8e01cb201080601d!2sDulles%20International%20Airport%20(IAD)%2C%201%20Saarinen%20Cir%2C%20Dulles%2C%20VA%2020166!3m2!1d38.9522483!2d-77.45788859999999!4m5!1s0x89b7b7b0b7f86313%3A0x2b22bee637998511!2sHotel%20Lombardy%2C%20Pennsylvania%20Avenue%20Northwest%2C%20Washington%2C%20DC!3m2!1d38.9014691!2d-77.0459338!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1742080304560!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

If you need a ride from a different airport, please contact one of the organizers and we will do our best to coordinate rides from the different airports.

## International Travelers

Important! Please complete the [ESTA Application](https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta) before you arrive. Contact one of the
organizers ASAP if you encounter any issues.

Commit message:

add Foggy Bottom - GWU stop for visitors heading straight to hotel

logistics.md, after:

# Logistics
## Workshop location

[Arizona State University Barrett &amp; O'Connor Washington Center](https://washingtondc.asu.edu/barrett-and-oconnor-center)

1800 I Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20006

Event Pavilion - 8th Floor

## Lodging

Lodging is at the [Hotel Lombardy](https://www.hotellombardy.com/), we have reserved rooms for all registered workshop participants. Please double check your reservation checkin / checkout dates and contact a member of the [workshop organizing committee]({{ "/#organizers" | absolute_url }}) immediately if there are any changes to be made.

It's a short [5 min. walk](https://maps.app.goo.gl/XBdaZwRVbCoq6Awq6) from Hotel Lombardy to the ASU Barrett &amp; O'Connor Washington Center.

## Dining 

There are a plethora of dining options around, we've highlighted a few in the google maps below, if you find anything else you'd like to share let us know so we can add it to the list.

- [Western Market](https://www.westernmarketdc.com/)
- [Founding Farmers](https://www.wearefoundingfarmers.com/location/dc/)
- [Shared Places Map](https://maps.app.goo.gl/PzsXF1ZjBcKxmNQc9){:target="_blank"}

## Travel

### Metro

The Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center is Metro accessible via Farragut West station
– 18th street exit (Blue, Orange and Silver Lines). Upon exiting the station, the facility will be on
the corner behind you at 18th Street and I Street. Farragut North station (Red Line) is also within
walking distance, approximately three blocks walk.

### Uber/Lyft/Taxi 

Taxi cabs and rideshare options are readily available throughout Washington, DC and will be easy to access when departing the Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center.

### Parking
The Barrett & O’Connor Washington Center does not have on-site parking, and street parking is very limited. If you cannot find a metered spot, the following local parking garages are recommended:

- Colonial Parking – 1775 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Thursday, 6:30AM to 8:00PM Friday, 6:30AM to 10:00PM
- Farragut Center Parking – 1725 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Friday, 7:00AM to 10:00PM
- PMI – 1722 I Street, NW Open Monday thru Friday, 7:00AM to 7:00PM
- Penn Parking – 1801 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW (access via 18th Street) Open Monday thru Thursday, 7:00AM to 9:00PM Friday and Saturday, 7:00AM to 11:00PM Sunday, 10:00AM to 7:00PM


### Airports

[Getting to ASU Barrett & O'Connor from an Airport (PDF)](travel-logistics.pdf)

(the hotel is a short walk from the venue)

#### From Ronald Reagan International Airport (DCA)

Ronald Reagan (DCA) is the closest airport and a taxi ride from the airport to Hotel Lombardy will cost around $20-30 depending on traffic.


Guests can also use the Metro - take the Blue Line towards Largo Town Center and get off at the [Foggy Bottom - GWU](https://maps.app.goo.gl/7bHCbFdswKLXpTxc7) for a 7 min walk east to the Hotel Lombardy or [Farragut West station (7 station stops)](https://maps.app.goo.gl/7aLCY9b6v7WmUwK77) if you are heading directly to the workshop / symposium venue.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d24848.620250571537!2d-77.06693355271308!3d38.87646794289892!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x89b7b731402fe095%3A0x4168af016d076bad!2sRonald%20Reagan%20Washington%20National%20Airport%20(DCA)%2C%20Ronald%20Reagan%20Washington%20National%20Airport%20Access%20Road%2C%20Arlington%2C%20VA!3m2!1d38.851242!2d-77.04023149999999!4m5!1s0x89b7b7b0b7f86313%3A0x2b22bee637998511!2sHotel%20Lombardy%2C%20Pennsylvania%20Avenue%20Northwest%2C%20Washington%2C%20DC!3m2!1d38.9014691!2d-77.0459338!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1742080537939!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

#### From Dulles International Airport (IAD)

[Take the Silver line from IAD to the Foggy Bottom - GWU stop](https://maps.app.goo.gl/cQon4YNawGdPdMHW6), from there it is a ~7 min walk to Hotel Lombardy.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d99332.12692300859!2d-77.33402237158954!3d38.92102967608422!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x89b64740174eb057%3A0x8e01cb201080601d!2sDulles%20International%20Airport%20(IAD)%2C%201%20Saarinen%20Cir%2C%20Dulles%2C%20VA%2020166!3m2!1d38.9522483!2d-77.45788859999999!4m5!1s0x89b7b7b0b7f86313%3A0x2b22bee637998511!2sHotel%20Lombardy%2C%20Pennsylvania%20Avenue%20Northwest%2C%20Washington%2C%20DC!3m2!1d38.9014691!2d-77.0459338!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1742080304560!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

If you need a ride from a different airport, please contact one of the organizers and we will do our best to coordinate rides from the different airports.

## International Travelers

Important! Please complete the [ESTA Application](https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta) before you arrive. Contact one of the
organizers ASAP if you encounter any issues.
